Add example for Specific Repository ReadWriteAccess (#2428)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/authorization.md

}
```

### Additional Policies

> The following examples can be used to create additional policies to further limit user accesses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples can be used to create additional policies to further limit user access. Use the web UI or the [lakectl auth](./commands.md#lakectl-auth-policies-create) command to create policies.
```
